Update release version and readme. (#276)
microsoft/vscode-pylint: README.md

| Command                | Description                       |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| Pylint: Restart Server | Force re-start the linter server. |

## Logging

> From the command pallet, select and run `Developer: Set Log Level...` command. From the quick pick menu, select `Pylint` extension from the `Extension logs` group. Then select the log level you want to set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the command palette (View > Command Palette), run the `Developer: Set Log Level...` command. From the quick pick menu, select the `Pylint` extension from the `Extension logs` group. Then select the log level you want to set.
```
